CI: add diff-shades integration (#2725)
psf/black: docs/contributing/gauging_changes.md

The main highlight feature of diff-shades is being able to compare two revisions of
_Black_. This is incredibly useful as it allows us to see what exact changes will occur,
say merging a certain PR. Black-primer's results would usually be filled with changes
caused by pre-existing code in Black drowning out the (new) changes we want to see. It
operates similarly to black-primer but crucially it saves the results as a JSON file
which allows for the rich comparison features alluded to above.

For more information, please see the [diff-shades documentation][diff-shades].

### CI integration

diff-shades is also the tool behind the "diff-shades results comparing ..." /
"diff-shades reports zero changes ..." comments on PRs. The project has a GitHub Actions
workflow which runs diff-shades twice against two revisions of _Black_ according to
these rules:

|                       | Baseline revision       | Target revision              |
| --------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| On PRs                | latest commit on `main` | PR commit with `main` merged |
| On pushes (main only) | latest PyPI version     | the pushed commit            |

> Once finished, a PR comment will posted embedding a summary of the changes and links to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once finished, a PR comment will be posted embedding a summary of the changes and links to
```

to further information. If there's a pre-existing diff-shades comment, it'll be updated
instead the next time the workflow is triggered on the same PR.

The workflow uploads 3-4 artifacts upon completion: the two generated analyses (they
have the .json file extension), `diff.html`, and `.pr-comment-body.md` if triggered by a
PR. The last one is downloaded by the `diff-shades-comment` workflow and shouldn't be
downloaded locally. `diff.html` comes in handy for push-based or manually triggered
runs. And the analyses exist just in case you want to do further analysis using the
collected data locally.

Note that the workflow will only fail intentionally if while analyzing a file failed to

> format. Otherwise it's mostly likely a bug of the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
format. Otherwise a failure indicates a bug of the workflow.
```
